some 87 a psalm of the sons of korah a
some 87 a psalm of the sons of korah a son his foundation is in the holy
son his foundation is in the holy
son his foundation is in the holy mountains the Lord loves the gates of
mountains the Lord loves the gates of
mountains the Lord loves the gates of Zion more than all the dwellings of
Zion more than all the dwellings of
Zion more than all the dwellings of Jacob glorious things are spoken of you
Jacob glorious things are spoken of you
Jacob glorious things are spoken of you O City of God I will make mention of
O City of God I will make mention of
O City of God I will make mention of Rahab and Babylon to those who know me
Rahab and Babylon to those who know me
Rahab and Babylon to those who know me behold O Philistia and tire with
behold O Philistia and tire with
behold O Philistia and tire with Ethiopia this one was born there and of
Ethiopia this one was born there and of
Ethiopia this one was born there and of Zion he will be said this one and that
Zion he will be said this one and that
Zion he will be said this one and that one were born in her and the Most High
one were born in her and the Most High
one were born in her and the Most High himself shall establish her the Lord
himself shall establish her the Lord
himself shall establish her the Lord will record when he registers the
will record when he registers the
will record when he registers the people's this one was born they're both
people's this one was born they're both
people's this one was born they're both the singers and the players on
the singers and the players on
the singers and the players on instruments say all my Springs are in
instruments say all my Springs are in
instruments say all my Springs are in you